Add `sektant1/executioner.nvim` (#2265)
rockerBOO/awesome-neovim: README.md

- [idanarye/nvim-moonicipal](https://github.com/idanarye/nvim-moonicipal) - Task runner with focus on rapidly changing personal tasks.
- [MarcHamamji/runner.nvim](https://github.com/MarcHamamji/runner.nvim) - A customizable Lua code runner.
- [google/executor.nvim](https://github.com/google/executor.nvim) - Allows you to run command line tasks in the background and be notified of results.

> - [sektant1/executioner.nvim](https://github.com/sektant1/executioner.nvim) - Script picker and runner to find and run any script (bash, Python, Lua, etc.) from your project directory, with/without arguments and floating/split terminal output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [sektant1/executioner.nvim](https://github.com/sektant1/executioner.nvim) - Script picker and runner to find and run any script from your project directory, with or without arguments.
```
